586 suwinet prefill (#3490)
open-formulieren/open-forms: src/suwinet/README.md

# Why?

WSDLs are here because the endpoints don't serve them and they reference so lots of separate XSDs,
that fetching them from the network is prohibitively slow. In fact, parsing all the WSDLs at once

> from the filesystem proofed to already too slow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from the filesystem proved to be too slow already.
```

# Updating them

## The gist

Unpack the new version, and fix the paths in `constants.py`. That should be enough to start using
the new definitions.

## Integrity

> Ensuring no forms that were using the old definitons is a different thing. Having access to a test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensuring no forms exist that were using the old definitions is a different thing. Having access to a test
```
?
